changes for safe validator shutdown and restarts on healthcheck (#15401)
prysmaticlabs/prysm: changelog/james-prysm_safe-validator-shutdown.md

## Added

> - Added `max-health-checks` flag that sets the maximum times the validator tries to check the health of the beacon node before timing out. -1 is indefinite.

Reviewer: How about using `0` as indefinite? Otherwise there is a gap where setting to `-1` makes sense and setting to `1` makes some sense, but `0` doesn't make sense.

Author: will make this change

## Fixed

> - Validator client shutsdown cleanly on error instead of fatal error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Validator client shuts down cleanly on error instead of fatal error. 
```

## Changed

> - If beacon node disconnects we can retry before failing. 

Reviewer: But the current code already works like this

Author: our retries go forever right now i believe

> - If beacon node disconnects can now time out on retries 

Reviewer 2: Incomplete sentence

Author: i should remove this since we changed the default to 0
